this is a Hobie Mirage Outback in this
case we've taken the famous whole beer
on a shrine out and we're going to draw
up in the e ball motor system great
thing about people it's a really
efficient system that is much lighter
than what most people are used to seeing
the boat battery motor mounts and
everything weighs less than 80 pounds
the battery itself is that weighs under
7 pounds it floats in water liova - GPS
building with the GPS feeds my
controller here has a digital readout do
to tell me how fast on going the battery
output percentage of battery left it'll
tell me how far I can actually go given
current conditions over the winter
current changes it'll recalculates
always know how far I can get juice left
when you buy this system becomes the
sport option store I can either drop it
right in garage well or I can actually
mount it to my rudder that's an option
if I do that the flipping stone still
works so if say this motor were mounted
there hold this up the motor and all
come up away the back deck I'm ready to
launch pull this motor in the water so
you can go back and forth if you want to
Lee takes you know 20 minutes or so to
switch back and forth between butter or
something rise gonna count it's a really
good efficient system
this fat battery compares to what most
people would take a 70 pound deep cycle
battery so it's over 10 times lighter
than what people would expect it has a
range of about 16 miles on a charge and
so are they producing an hour or so
fifteen seventy miles somewhere in
and that really depends on the speed
you're going subculture miles an hour or
they extend the line when you get closer
than 160 miles if you crank it wide open
it will actually do you close to six
miles an hour but that's really going to
cut down your range it can be simply for
like three miles in 30 minutes
personal grab a light jacket or actually
I've got a handy assistant here come on
over ahead with your controller
it's got forward reverse it's in neutral
now so as we crank this board it also
has a magnetic key it's like a jet ski
so if you fall off connect this line to
you upon TFP people lock it shut the
thing off automatically it also has a
chip built in kind of like cell phones
that allow the screen Digory when you
turn your phone and so if this boat
turns over the motor shuts off a lot of
great safety mechanisms built in and as
you can tell it's good quick though just
push this board take on clutter stay on
steering's there and off they go